Update docs for API's about dynamic gas price (#465)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/dapp/json-rpc/api-references/klay/block.md

| transactions | Array | Array of transaction objects, or 32-byte transaction hashes depending on the last given parameter. |
| governanceData | DATA | RLP encoded governance configuration |
| voteData | DATA | RLP encoded governance vote of the proposer |

> | baseFeePerGas | QUANTITY | The base fee per gas. This value is returned only when EthTxTypeCompatibleBlock is activated for that block number. And it's value is `kip71.lowerboundbasefee` after MagmaCompatibleBlock is activated. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| baseFeePerGas | QUANTITY | The base fee per gas. It has a meaningful value when EthTxTypeCompatible and Magma hardforks are activated. |
```
1. I think the explanation is too verbose, so I make it short
2. `kip71.lowerboundbasefee` is the first value of baseFeePerGas at the MagmaCompatibleBlock. After the hardfork block, it will have another value.

```

## klay_getBlockWithConsensusInfoByNumber <a id="klay_getblockwithconsensusinfobynumber"></a>
Returns a block with consensus information that matches the given block number.

**Parameters**

| Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| QUANTITY &#124; TAG | Integer or hexadecimal block number, or the string `"earliest"` or `"latest"` as in the [default block parameter](block.md#the-default-block-parameter). |

{% hint style="success" %} 
NOTE: In versions earlier than Klaytn v1.7.0, only integer block number, the string `"earliest"` and `"latest"` are available.
{% endhint %}

**Return Value**

> See [klay_getBlockWithConsensusInfoByHash](#klay_getblockwithconsensusinfobyhash)

Reviewer 2: It's weird to say like this because `klay_getBlockWithConsensusInfoByHash` is described later.

If you want to change the order of ByNumber and ByHash, you need to bring the object description to here and make a reference in the next function.

Author: I have followed the convention applied to this document. `SomethingByNumber` comes first, and then `SomethingByHash`.

}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: unnecessary empty line.
